During our software development process for this project there were many things that worked well as well as some things which did not.
One of the first things that worked well for our team was having different text channels on Discord for each topic of discussion such as meetings, announcements, polls and general discussion. This helped our communication to be to the point and all of us team members knew where to look for important and highly relevant messages if they do not have enough time to go through all messages. Another thing which worked well for certain team members is that if a particular back-end and front-end developer were responsible for a certain user story they only would meet up separately to work together on the user story. This helped both developers involved to be more aware of the other's needs in terms of the format of response bodies/parsing request bodies and avoid wasting time messaging each other on Discord.

We initially tried to have only online meetings but had issues of team attendance and accountability as it was difficult for some team members to have their questions answered and assessing participation became difficult. Although we solved this problem by moving to in-person meetings by sprint 2 it still had an impact on our performance in the beginning. For instance, we initially planned to use Google's API for logging in. We expected this would be a good way of authenticating users using the authorization tokens. Since this was early on and many of the team members were just getting started with web application development it took quite some time for both the front end and back end developers to understand this tool. Though the back-end API was implemented, due to improper communication in the earlier stages we as a team later realized that this would make tasks more difficult than needed and that we could simply go with hashing passwords. Hence, the idea was discarded so this is an example of a tool that did not work well for us.

An ideal process for our team if we were to continue working together would involve more communication and make requirements from each other even clearer to avoid some team members to be lost just a few days before the tutorial demos. This could entail holding more meetings or even set times during the sprint to code together in-person so we can bounce ideas off of each other & have our questions resolved quicker. Some of us seemed a lot more knowledgeable than a few other team members and this mismatch of skill set although posed an opportunity for the more skilled ones to help out the less skilled ones it would also pose a challenge during a time crunch and sometimes led to the more skilled members takeover particular tasks. In order to avoid this if we continue working as a team, would be to have more time to learn new technologies such as Angular and TypeScript.
